I'm not feeling well, sir. I
went to the hospital.  Okay,
I want to
invest in mutual funds, I
put money in the stock market, it will
increase 100 times,
I can use that money, right? How
many people sold their assets during the Covid time, how many
sold gold,
how many
invested in milking buffaloes and got admitted to the hospital?
And don't all of them know about investment?
Then they don't have the investment money?
If they have insurance, do you think there is
no need to sell this investment? You said that
every person needs two eyes,
like one eye term insurance, one
eye health insurance, etc. When I
asked you about this, you directly told me about ICI Elevate without even
telling me about any policy, without even giving me one or two
options,
why is it so
special and what is the difference between it and the rest? Can you
tell me what is the difference between it and the rest? An
80-year-old person who took a policy in ICI Elevate had
no co-payment, we have
sugar, BP, asthma, etc., but we have
knee surgery.  Hernia fistula,
uvula operation, eye nose, if you have
some chronic diseases, if
your civil score is good for the fourth or fifth, then you get a
15% discount on the premium. Another thing is that if you are an NRI customer, then you get a
25% discount.
Really, we
can use the policies even when we go to other countries. How many days will we stay in which country? If
we are given a visa and passport,
how should we take insurance? Now there
are bold websites online.
Okay,
some agents keep coming. I have been watching
since childhood. So how do I
take it? Which is better? Of the two, a lawyer,
a doctor, and an engineer are as
necessary for society as an insurance agent.
Sir, don't think that I am asking like this.
Sir, for example, let's say that a person called an advisor has
died.
Okay, and now,
who is doing all this and all this help? Hi, hello, namaste, welcome back
to Wider
Media. For some reason, insurance does not
seem to be given much importance to me.
For me, investing is the best option now, as
you can see in my interview
.  They remain completely investment
oriented.  But one person
came to me and said, "Virat, your
whole idea is wrong. Real investment
starts with insurance."   They
say that insurance is not just an investment, but a life-changing decision
.  Those who truly love you
say that if you want to protect the lives of those you love, you should have an insurance policy in your hand.  I wonder what he's
saying.  So he has many
doubts and I am going to ask him many things
.  He is none other than Rama Reddy
Sridhar. Let's talk about many things with him
.  Watch
till the end to learn many things about insurance
.  Hello, sir.  Namaste Sarvejana Sukhina
Bhavantu
means you yourself are saying that everyone should be well,
everyone should be well, we must be in it,
but is the
investment enough to be like that, I mean my health is
not good, sir,
I went to the hospital, I went to the hospital,
I went to the hospital, what is the point of paying for it with insurance? I
invest in mutual funds, I
put money in the stock market,
I can use that money 100 times more, right?
Very good, very good question.
You also saw the first Covid and the second Covid during the Covid period, didn't
you? I
saw that all of
them were the ones who did instant insurance at that time too?
Yes,
but at that time, when there was no money, how many people
sold their assets, how many sold their gold, how many
even invested their milking cows at home and
got admitted to the hospital? And don't all of them
know about investment? Then they don't have the investment money, that is, if there is
insurance, there is
no need to sell it in this investment? Are you saying that
health insurance is two for each person?
Just as eyes are essential, one eye is
term insurance, one eye is health
insurance. If we have two eyes,
how can we make the journey of life peaceful? If we have two eyes,
how can we make the journey of life better?
Sir, let's say you want to take out insurance
.
I think it's useful for everyone,
but how do you get insurance?
There are now bold websites online.
Some agents keep coming, saying, "I've been looking
since I was a kid.
Okay,
these two are a little outdated for me. If you have a
website,
you can see everything clearly. If you have any doubts, there's a chat bot
or customer service."
Okay,
so how do you take it? Is it better to get
all your services done by a robot in both cases
?   You
can get
all the services done, love and affection with him,
what kind of paper, paper work will the robot do all the work? You can
do it online, sir. When you are in trouble, when
you are in the hospital, when
you are in pain,
your father or your friend
comes and tells you that I am here. How brave would that
insurance advisor be? An
insurance advisor is as necessary for a house as a
lawyer, a doctor, an engineer. An
insurance agent is also
necessary for society. Sir.
What is something that I did not find online? Please
find it from an advisor.
There is a very good real reimbursement.   There is
no reimbursement at the hospital you went to.  You
went to the hospital in the middle of the night, there
was no response, you need to upload a paper, you
need a remaining question,
now you will have a response online in the middle of the night, I mean, a
chat button or something,
sir, how possible is it, you see the real thing, what
we are talking about is different, real life is different, we have a
man of our own, what would it be like if we had our own
advisor, I
mean, an insurance advisor who called at 12 midnight, as a guarantee, as a guarantee, as a guarantee, as a guarantee, as per the
need, he
tells you in advance that I will go to the hospital,
we will be there,
but they are not as available online as the
person you
call online, when you call next, the
same person will pick up your phone,
no, the callers will change,
but this person will not change, your insurance
agency, the same agent will be with you as long as your journey is, that is,
advisors are a bad thing,
sir, I will tell you outside, tell me,
okay,
you correct that, it is a lie,
advisors work for commission
.   Don't
make a policy for an actual agent out of the opinion that it's not for us.  Make a policy for yourself.
How do
you go to a doctor? Sir, you
go to a doctor.
You go to the hospital for his fee. Do
you go to the hospital for your illness
?   I am
going for our illness.
Do this for yourself too.
What is insurance? Sir, now which company should I
choose?
Which one should I choose? Which claim ratio is good for me? Which one has a 99 point
claim ratio?
Check which solvency ratio is good
.   You should
know about me.  Check about me
on Google. Check out Rama Reddy Sedar. Check out
my customer feedback. Complete my
fast history only if it's good.
You said
that everything can be found online. Look at
me. Look at the company
. Look at the details of this policy.
Now, for example, I want to take out a policy
.  Okay,
I want to take that policy, the claim rate is 99%. Let's see
which one is better.
How many options do we have? In the
option we have,
is this policy according to your wishes or is it according to your way of thinking and
protecting our family?
Sir, now as you said,
why am I looking at this online? When I
asked the advisor, they clearly gave me a list of
100%.
So you tell me, Pony,
according to the list, which companies are good? Now, according to
my position, the company's
ratio is 2.56. IIC Elevate
Present is excellent. The
policy is
okay. Usually, now when it
comes to policies, insurance advisors specifically
tell us, especially seniors like you, with an example. Very good, very good question.
How do you buy a new son-in-law in East Godavari district, East Godavari district, West Godavari district, in East Godavari district, in East Godavari district, in West Godavari district?  People
with this policy card and health card are treated with the
same courtesy in the hospital as those with an ICC Elevate policy are treated in East Godavari and West Godavari districts
.  But we don't
want anyone to go to the hospital.   If you
get varicose veins, such problems
will occur.  Similarly, we should invest in education for our children from an early age,
buy good buildings,
buy good gold for our daughter, and get her a
good marriage
.  But to
ensure good health from childhood, a
health policy should be mandatory. To ensure good health from childhood, this
policy should be a
perfect personalized health
insurance plan created through artificial intelligence, ICSL Ambad
Elevate. It is
really a bit convincing if you listen to what I have to say,
but I will
tell you some examples that I have seen live.  Okay, if you
go to any hospital with the courage to go there, the
staff there is not like Allu as you said,
at least they don't even look at you from the outside. The
treatment is very bad. If you
go through the policy, they will tell you
when the money will come from the insurance company.
They will take all the treatment and
hospitality.
But what can I expect from ICICI here?
Okay, very good, very good. You have money, will you pay the
bill or
not? You said it, I
will tell you too.
If you have a card, he will give you money as a guarantee.
If there is a card, this is a 10 lakh policy, 10
lakhs came as a guarantee for our hospital bill
.  Um,
but do you have 10 lakhs or are
you unsure how much money they are asking for?
How much do you have with this card?
How much bill can you pay in your pocket? No one
will ask. This card is your basis. Your money.
How would a 10 lakh card like American Express look like? Now let's
learn a little more about it in depth.
What are the features? What is the premium?
What is the premium? Okay, very good. Premium
means how many people are there in your
family? What are their ages?
Depending on their age, the premium depends on your health problem. Do you have
sugar, BP, or
any operations? Depending on how many
members there are, the premium depends on that. Can you give me
a number?
A five-member good person is 35 years old.
He has two children, wife and
husband. It
will be around 20,000 to 220,000
for one year.
That is okay. For example, let's say the
amount is above 50,000.
And then if you want this amount,
then the installment is expected by some people. Recently, everything is in the
EMI world. All this is
buying an iPhone.  EMI for buying a car EMI for buying a house
OK
EMI for insurance or
Very Good Very Good Question EMI
Annually 000 premium or if the
premium paid for one year two years three years is 50,000 or if the
premium is above 50,000 then the EMI option will
be given as per your requirement EMI is defined.
Subject to correction, sir, now it should be
50,000 for two years combined, but it
should be 50,000 for one year.
If the age is higher,
the premium will be 50,000 if it is the highest age.  Assuming the lowest age, I
said the premium is 20,000, so if he
pays a premium for three years, it will be 60,000.  Let's say it's a blessing
.  You
can pay EMI of 60,000 in installments over three years.
For example, if this video is not available, then such information
about insurance is very
late and the
mind is open at that time. Okay,
now we understand that we need insurance. Let's say the
eldest of the family is 40
years old. Let's say
their wife is 38 years old. Let's say the
children are about 16 years old and in 10th class.
Now if they want to take insurance,
how can they use IIC Elevate? Is there a
better option than IIC
or anywhere else?
Okay, very good. IIC Lamba. If the civil
score is good, then there is a
15% discount on the premium.
This is different. Again, that is,
in Elevate Elevate itself, if
your civil score is good, then if your civil score is good, then there is a
15% discount on the premium. For
example, if you want to take a lakh, then
20. Another thing is that if you are an NRI
customer, then there is a
25% discount
out of that. If you
stay there and take a policy, it will
work
there.  If you take a policy of Rs 25 lakhs and are an
NRI customer,
you will stay in India for 90 days and go on a tour. If
you take a policy of Rs 25 lakhs for 90 days in a year, 90 days in a year,
90 days in a year, 90 days in a year, 365 days in a year, you will
also have 90 days of international coverage.
That means, even if we are hospitalized anywhere internationally,
we can use it there
100%, even if
it is only for 90 days, if we
take a 90-day policy of 25 lakhs, is there
any policy that is valid for 365 days,
no matter which country it is in?
We can use it as a supplement and
take it separately when we go on a tour.  Okay, okay, so now
policies are a new point for me, sir. This is
really a
policy that we can use even when we go to other countries.   We
can take it, we can go to the country we are going to,
how many days we will stay, if we
give it to us, we can tell how many
days it will last,
how much insurance do you need for all the roles, if we pay all the dollars, the
insurance
is ready, sir, the idea is
very good,
this is a major, I
will ask some points from the youth point of view.  Okay, so
many people have been
earning well lately,
even for initial jobs, with salaries ranging from 50,000 to 1 lakh
.
Okay,
but none of them usually put
the money they spent on buying a car or a truck into investments or
insurance.
Okay,
what do you say to people like that?
Now there is girlfriend maintenance
.  Otherwise, you will have to go around with friends
.
Basically, it's okay to enjoy your lifestyle.
What can I say about insurance awareness for people like this?
Very good. You give weekend parties and
give prayers. Let's talk from our point of view, as you said
.  That's how culture
works, we can't save anyone.
Culture cannot be changed.  There are those in good culture, there are those
in bad culture, who
likes who has their own ideas, but are
you in danger, those who gave drug parties, those who
gave weekend parties, those who gave
chicken biryani, those who
gave biryani when you were
in bed, how many of your Facebook
friends are there, those who
are in FriendsX, how
many of your Gmail friends are there, who would respond to me if I wanted one lakh rupees, or five lakhs, how many of your cell phone friends are there,
sir,
how many of them are there, can you tell me if
that situation comes up? I don't know.
But I say that if you have this card, you don't need any situation
.
This is an elder son of the   The
son lives in America.  I
live in India and I give this card
to my NRI customer's father as a gift for the senior season.
This card
will be useful for your father and mother as if you are in America and your presence is here.  I'm very confident
now that the children are there, as you said,
they are here.
They don't have that much knowledge and understanding.  Okay, there
's another thing, the opposite of forgetting.  And now,
what kind of help is there in the advisor?
Very good. They should bust that card.
They even threw away the card number.
No, we will send the card number with
SS. It will be
in their boy's mail within five minutes. It
will be in my mail within seconds. Whatever
information you need, we will send you the policy number immediately either through WhatsApp or
from our office
.  We will talk to the hospital and
help.
Okay and main, now when I
asked you this, you directly told me about ICICI Elevate without even
telling me about any policy or giving me one or two or three
options.
Good,
why is it so special and what is the difference between it and the rest? Okay, okay, okay, okay, you
asked a good question. If we have
diseases like sugar, BP, asthma, etc. in our system, if we
add AEDAN,
we will get coverage for those diseases from 31 days
without a waiting period.  The 31-day minimum is
that natural or 31-day
accident, it is said to
jump start immediately from the hour of the birth. If you
jump start, you will have
coverage for everything, but for
knee surgery, hernia
fistula, herpes operation, eye nose, etc., if there are
some chronic diseases, then
coverage will be available only after four or five years. For all the rest, if there is
no heart attack, any liver disease will be available
from 31 days
.
Usually, there is a system called copayment in this insurance that is
not understood. Sir, I don't know if it
is very good or not.
What do you say about it?
Very good is more
important than when a claim comes. This is very good.
But those who want to increase the problem of those who have to pay extra premiums. No matter
how many crores of
rupees a customer has committed, this policy will
give you a once-in-a-lifetime benefit.
Okay for example, in this same situation,
we took this ICI Vet, we
thought we took ICI Naba, we were hospitalized,
room rent is a big mystery, will
that room rent be covered? A
person who took a policy of 10 lakhs does
not have a single AC room and a luxurious
room
because of health expenses, but the room rent will
be more than
100%,
it should be a minimum policy of 10 lakhs. If there is a
policy of 10 lakhs, then unlimited room
rent,
apart from that, if there is a
policy of 5 lakhs, there will be some limitations
.  Okay,
for 10 locks, the minimum is 100 for 5 locks
.  If you take 10 lakhs of milk for a difference of 2000, it will
serve the purpose you intended.
Now, some people will stay for
another six months or even seven months in an emergency situation.
If someone has it, very good, very good, excellent question, excellent question, if they take
care of it,
they will use 10 lakhs for every 10 lakhs this month.   The
next month, another 10 lakhs came.
Unlimited Auto Recharge:
This month, 10 lakhs, 12 months, 12 crores, 20
lakhs, a customer can use in one year
.  All of this information and help will now be
provided by the advisor.
100% if they contact us through the number that appears on the screen, the
email address, or in person, they will explain
what type of
policy they want, how many years they will pay the premium, and they will
be given a policy 100% tailored to their ideas and tastes.  Wow, I'm
asking you something like this, don't think so, sir,
for example, let's say a person called an advisor
dies, okay,
now
who will do all this help?
Very good, very good. There was a bank manager and
you opened an account.
That bank manager is not unlucky.   If
you don't have money in the bank, you have an
account, so if you get a passbook, it's
very good, very good. If you have this card, even if
I don't have it,
our offices will be there.  There are offices in Hyderabad
.  There are offices in Vijayawada.   There is an
ICICI Health
Inn office in every town, everywhere.  When you go to the office, the
staff will help you. Our advisors will be there,
our assistants will be there to help you
.
So even if that person is not there, they will be fulfilled
100%, what
we are talking about is as true as what happened. Okay, sir,
now that person is not there, you
have got the card, then what is the situation?
Very good, if you enter your Aadhaar card and your phone number,
your policy number will come up.  Okay
sir, you have been updated well, but that
means that even if there is no such thing, if you just
take a policy once, all our automatic records will be there,
so you can maintain the total
100% and if you take a minimum of 10 lakhs, there is
no issue with room rent.
It is actually 100%. How will the recharge be for this?
Okay, every one-yearly one-time payment, if you pay for
one year, if your civil score is
good, then 15% premium construction, right? So, I
said that if you pay for two years, three
years, another 10% discount, four to five years,
another 10%, 15% discount. If you pay premium for five
weeks at once, your premium rates will increase, even if your age increases, the rules or regulations have changed,
you are taking out a card once, so the
increased rules will not apply to you in any situation.
Okay
sir, do you have bike insurance,
car insurance, do you have a bike, do you have a car, do
you have
two, do you have two, are
you paying insurance?
That means  When you took it, it was
five years since you took it, so you
write cases to you. You are going to go tomorrow and
you say, "There is traffic going on, so now there is more insurance, sir, why is the customer paying for cars, sir, why is he paying, I mean, now I am taking it online, I am paying for it, so why do you pay for cars from bikes? If something happens, okay, the traffic police will also write you a challan, right?
Yes,
for that, they will pay for the bike insurance compulsorily, without time
.
RTO
officials and police are there to check whether a bike has insurance or not.  But
who doesn't ask or do you do health insurance? People
go for a health check once a year, right? You
go for your own health check.  To
find out what a health check is like, you need to do this
health check for yourself, not just because someone asked you to do it, but
for your life. You
don't do it for someone else's health, you do it for yourself
.  We should take care of our health.
That's all. Your body is what
people
look at in the mirror every day. Is my health good? Do
I need health? You should take care of your health only when everything is good. If nothing is good, you should take care of your
health only when
you are good. In
general,
insurance premiums increase significantly as you age.
Now, how about this? ICI will
also issue a policy to a 100-year-old person.
We will give policies even to a 99-year-old person.
Okay,
the premium will be based on that age.  Okay,
now this premium means that we
will pay the coverage as you said, it will
start from this hour, right? Is it the
same for everything? Very good, if it is an accidental one, if it is an
immediate
natural one, then 31 days,
okay, okay,
so any policy,
okay,
in ICICI,
this coverage starts from a minimum of 31 days, so there is
one thing in this, minimum, maximum sum assurance.
Very good, minimum, good question, how
much should it be? How do you know,
minimum policy is 5 lakhs,
how many crores, no matter how many crores, there are
celebrities,
film actors,
cricketers, they
take it, sir,
they do it better than us.
Okay, they
come and have a security safe life, right? For
them, that
means one thing, when do intelligent people
pay premium through an insurance company?
Ordinary people pay from their own pockets.   The
smart ones pay premiums from the organization
to the insurance company
.  So this is what
you've just said about insurance in general
.
Even in the comparable market, the IIC
Elevate looks much better than the specific ones
.
Okay,
because you directly said that this is the best without even having options,
so let's say
that now a certain person named x
comes to you about IIC and takes a policy like this
.   Are
there any major things he should know?
Very good. If he must disclose his health problems
in advance, then the
coverage is okay.
What can I do if he hides his health problems? What did the company do?  Okay, it's
his responsibility to get all those tests done. He should
tell you in advance if you have diabetes, high blood pressure, or
any surgeries you've had. If you
tell him in advance, he shouldn't hide anything from a lawyer, a doctor, or a
health insurance agent. If he
says he has something, he'll mention it
.  When you make a mention, you can make an
advance accordingly and
add a premium for sugar BP through jump shot, so
you will get coverage even for existing problems
.  So, the problem should be
stated.   If
you don't tell me, no one can do anything.  And age
wise, as you said, they will give policies to people who are 100 years old. Some of these
companies will
ask you to take the policy individually. Will there be anything like that
here? Or when will
family policies be available? One can take it,
two can take it,
three can take it, four can take it,
you choose. The same
policy number will be given to all four people. The cards will be
given in the middle.
Which one is better? If all
four people take it together, the
premium will be lower.
Another thing about single agents is that
some companies do
not qualify for a policy in the same family part if they exceed 24 years.
And tell me again, sir,
some companies only make sense to take out a
single policy for the same family hotel if the children are under 24 years of age
.  That means my son is
over 24 years old, so he still has to
take it separately from me. Okay,
but in this ICC Elevate policy, children up to 30 years old, whether it's
your children or your children, baby or baby, okay, okay, okay,
this policy allows four people to take milk together in one family portal
.  Small doubt, sir. Now,
my son, whom I insured, is 30 years old,
but at that time he also had a family
.
Okay, so is the
family also covered in this?
Very good.
After 30 years, you should
take out a separate policy. If
the wife of the person who took out the policy first, the
children of the children can also be added to the policy if they have been married for more than 90 days.
Wow, now that I've taken out the policy,
my family will be covered, not just my children, but also my children's
children.
Okay, if I take it out, I'll be in
your family for 30 years.
He should get a divorce after 30 years.
After those 30 years, you can separate and
then
add your wife and children.
Okay, if he is under 30 years old, he will be the only one covered
.
Okay, you said those wonderful things, sir.
You said one more thing very well.
Why did they say awareness from health to today?
Earlier,
we heard of people dying after drinking adulterated liquor.
Yes, have
you heard of people dying after drinking adulterated milk? There is no adulterated milk. No,
I haven't heard of anyone dying in
Rajahmundry the other day. Five
thousand people are being treated in hospitals. All
the governments have moved. The government has gone there with all its
might.
The ministers went to Rajahmundry.
Five people have died in Rajahmundry near us and many more
are in the hospital.  Even though we
do all our yoga and meditation, and we take care of our health, we still cannot prevent
food adulteration
.  We have to
eat food, we can't go hungry outside, isn't it? The more
scary thing is that the cost of health services and
health-related medicine has
increased a lot, so 60 people have
died, and then how can there be
no health insurance? Sir, in the
expenses we incur, in the daily tea
expenses, in the daily maintenance, we have a
phone. Sir,
you are normal, which phone is yours? Sir,
Google Fix it,
Google Fix it, how much did you pay for the insurance for it?
Back cover, front cover,
screen guard, how much did it cost?
Sir, that's up to 4000. It's 4000, isn't it
₹4000? If you pay
for the cell phone yourself, you
can get it for five minutes.  Can you pay your value or my value? Can
I pay your value?
Okay, that's what health insurance is for, sir, I
mean, major, sir. Now, in this health
insurance, medicine expenses
are also covered.
Very good.
After you undergo any operation, for
three months before the operation, for six
months, for 180 days,
the company will pay all the treatment expenses you incur, the medicine expenses you use.
Okay, if I
call everyone, months after three months, before three
months, after six months,
I'll go to the hospital to see what the doubts some people have.
They will only take that insurance time if it is there for 24 hours
.  Before means that they will not
give it to me if I need it within 24 hours. This is also a
very good excellent question. If you
take an ICI Elevate policy, even if you are
in the hospital for two hours, if you have
motions and go to the hospital, if you get heatstroke and
go to the hospital, if you have any small
problem and go to the hospital, we will give you 100% of
every rupee you spend in those two hours.
Sir, I will not tell you what other policy will be used for this or that. You have to decide whether the film is good or not. The director, producer, hero should not say it. The audience who has seen it should say, "Wonderful." So finally, what do you say to our audience with the face of I Dream, sir? Okay, if you
contact the number that appears on this screen or through email, we will
definitely see what kind of policy they want, what are the
requirements in it, and
we will definitely be ready to suggest a good policy to them.
Wonderful sir, but really, as you said, that is, as
Rama Reddy Sridhar
said, when we are in trouble,
instead of raising our hand and asking someone for help, when our own
hard work is
used again in the form of a policy,
we have the courage to proudly say that I have improved my health myself.   Not only this, it
also
gives us the confidence to say that our health is in our hands. These health policies not only
protect our health but also, more importantly, the health of those we love. This policy seems to take responsibility for the health of our family
members, our children, our parents, etc.
Especially the
policy addressed by Sir, IICI Elevate, its
specialties and its features
seem very wonderful.  And if
you want more details about this, there
are still doubts in this,
not the doubts Virat asked, but if you think I have many doubts,
call the numbers displayed immediately and
contact Sir immediately.  And if you still
think there is no immediate policy, then
take immediate action.
See you again in the next episode, guys.  Thank you
so much.
The whole world is a house of happiness.
And for more videos
please subscribe to I Dream please
subscribe to I Dream
please subscribe to I Dream
and please subscribe to I Dream.
For more videos, subscribe to I
Dream.  Please like, share and
subscribe to the channel
Congratulations I Dream
Subscribe to I Dream
Subscribe to I Dream So Subscribe to I Dream Media I Dream to I Dream
Huge congratulations to everyone from the I Dream team Please
Subscribe I
Dream Media Please
Subscribe to I Dream Subscribe to I Dream
Please Subscribe to I Dream
I Dream means my dream channel, my
mouth is not watering.  If you are,
mark the hour.  For more such videos
please subscribe to I Dream
Subscribe to I Dream
Please subscribe to I Dream Please subscribe to I Dream Media
Please do subscribe to I Dream Please
subscribe to I Dream Media
For best entertainment and
information please subscribe to I Dream
and don't forget to subscribe to I
Dream